1.Difference between HTTP/2 and HTTP/1.1
HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol & it is used in client-server communication. 
By using HTTP user sends the request to the server & the server sends the response to the user. 
There are several stages of development of HTTP but we will focus mainly on HTTP/1.1 which was created in 1997 & the new one is HTTP/2 which was created in 2015.

HTTP/1.1:before sending the request and the response there is a TCP connection established between client & server. 
again you make a request to the server for image img.jpg & the server gives a response as an image img.jpg.
the connection was not lost here after the first request because we add a keep-alive header which is the part of the request so there is an open connection between the server & client.
there is a persistent connection which means several requests & responses are merged in a single connection. 
These are the drawbacks that lead to the creation of HTTP/2: The first problem is 
HTTP/1.1 transfer all the requests & responses in the plain text message form.
The second one is head of line blocking in which TCP connection is blocked all other requests until the response does not receive.
all the information related to the header file is repeated in every request.
It works on the textual format.
There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
It compresses data by itself.

HTTP/2: HTTP/2 was developed over the SPDY protocol. 
HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary format.
it works on fully multiplexed that is one TCP connection is used for multiple requests.
HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data from header.
it compresses the header. The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client using the PUSH frame.
It works on the binary protocol.
It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests
It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages.
It uses HPACK for data compression.

2.Objects and its internal representation in javascript
Objects are important data types in javascript.
Objects are different than primitive datatypes (i.e. number, string, boolean, etc.). 
Primitive data types contain one value but Objects can hold many values in form of Key: value pair.
These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively,in the context of an object.
Every object has some property associated with some value. 
These values can be accessed using these properties associated with them.

The syntax for adding a property to an object is :
ObjectName.ObjectProperty = propertyValue;

The syntax for deleting a property from an object is:
delete ObjectName.ObjectProperty;

The syntax to access a property from an object is:
objectName.property        
           //or
objectName["property”]     
           //or
objectName[expression] 

Create JavaScript Object with Object Literal
let person = {
name:'Rajagopi'
age:'33'
phone:'9952116933'
address:'Ramanathapuram'
pincode:'623704'
}


4,IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address

IP address
An Internet Protocol address (IP address) is the logical address of our network hardware by which other devices identify it in a network. 
IP address stands for Internet Protocol address which is an unique number or a numerical representation that uniquely identifies a specific interface on the network. 
Each device that is connected to internet an IP address is assigned to it for its unique identification. 
Addresses in IPv4 are 32-bits long example,
12.244.233.165 

And Addresses in IPv6 are 128-bits example, 
2001:0db8:0000:0000:0000:ff00:0042:7879

port Numbar
Port number is the part of the addressing information used to identify the senders and receivers of messages in computer networking. 
Different port numbers are used to determine what protocol incoming traffic should be directed to. 
Port number identifies a specific process to which an Internet or other network message is to be forwarded when it arrives at a server. 
Ports are identified for each protocol and It is considered as a communication endpoint.
Ports are represented by 16-bit numbers.

1. Well-Known Port Numbers
0 to 1023 are well-known port numbers are as they are used by well-known protocol services.
These are allocated to server services by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA).

2. Registered Port Numbers
1024 to 49151 are registered port numbers i.e it can be registered to specific protocols by software corporations

3. Dynamic Port Numbers
49152 to 65535 are dynamic port numbers and they can be used by anyone

HTTP methods
The set of common methods for HTTP/1.1 is defined below and this set can be expanded based on requirements. 
These method names are case sensitive and they must be used in uppercase.
1	GET
The GET method is used to retrieve information from the given server using a given URI. 
Requests using GET should only retrieve data and should have no other effect on the data.
2	HEAD
Same as GET, but transfers the status line and header section only.
3	POST
A POST request is used to send data to the server, for example, customer information, file upload, etc. using HTML forms.
4	PUT
Replaces all current representations of the target resource with the uploaded content.
5	DELETE
Removes all current representations of the target resource given by a URI.
6	CONNECT
Establishes a tunnel to the server identified by a given URI.
7	OPTIONS
Describes the communication options for the target resource.
8	TRACE
Performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource

MAC Address
To communicate or transfer data from one computer to another computer, 
we need some address. In Computer Networks various types of addresses are introduced; 
each works at a different layer. 
Media Access Control Address is a physical address that works at the Data Link Layer. 
In this article, we will discuss addressing DLL, which is MAC Address.
1.Logical Link Control(LLC) Sublayer
2.Media Access Control(MAC) Sublayer
MAC address is used by the Media Access Control (MAC) sublayer of the Data-Link Layer. 
MAC Address is worldwide unique since millions of network devices exist and we need to uniquely identify each.

Format of MAC Address
MAC Address is a 12-digit hexadecimal number (6-Byte binary number), 
which is mostly represented by Colon-Hexadecimal notation. 
The First 6 digits (say 00:40:96) of the MAC Address identify the manufacturer, 
called OUI (Organizational Unique Identifier). 
IEEE Registration Authority Committee assigns these MAC prefixes to its registered vendors.

MAC address can be represented using any of the following formats
Hypen-Hexadecimal notation 00-0a-83-b1-c0-8e
colon-Hexadecimal notation 00:0a:83:b1:c0:8e
Period seperated Hexadecimal notation 000.a83.b1c.08e
Colon-Hexadecimal notation is used by Linux OS and Period-separated Hexadecimal notation is used by Cisco Systems. 

Find the MAC Address
ifconfig -a
ip link list 
ip address show

Command forWindows OS -   
ipconfig /all 

MacOS -                   
TCP/IP Control Panel

Types of MAC Address
1. Unicast: A Unicast-addressed frame is only sent out to the interface leading to a specific NIC. 
If the LSB (least significant bit) of the first octet of an address is set to zero, 
the frame is meant to reach only one receiving NIC. 
The MAC Address of the source machine is always Unicast.
2. Multicast: The multicast address allows the source to send a frame to a group of devices. 
In Layer-2 (Ethernet) Multicast address, 
the LSB (least significant bit) of the first octet of an address is set to one. 
IEEE has allocated the address block 01-80-C2-xx-xx-xx (01-80-C2-00-00-00 to 01-80-C2-FF-FF-FF) for group addresses for use by standard protocols.
3. Broadcast: Similar to Network Layer, Broadcast is also possible on the underlying layer( Data Link Layer). 
Ethernet frames with ones in all bits of the destination address (FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF) are referred to as the broadcast addresses. 
Frames that are destined with MAC address FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF will reach every computer belonging to that LAN segment.  